Document pub workspaces (#6117)
dart-lang/site-www: src/content/tools/pub/glossary.md

For more information, see
[Pub Versioning Philosophy](/tools/pub/versioning).

## Workspace

A collection of packages that are developed together with a shared resolution of

> their dependency constrains. Useful for developing in a mono-repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their dependency constraints. Useful for developing in a monorepo.
```

The packages will have a shared `pubspec.lock` and a shared
`.dart_tool/package_config.json`.

> For more information, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, read
```
